SDLC

	What are the 8 Steps in SDLC?
		Requirements
		Analysis
		Design
		Development
		Testing
		User Acceptance Testing
		Release
		Maintenance
	What Methodologies do we have for SDLC?
		Big Bang
		Waterfall
		Agile

	What Frameworks do we have for Agile, besides eXtreme Programming?
		Scrum
		Kanban
		Scrumban
	What are some pros and cons for the above Frameworks?
		Scrum
			Pros:
				problem identification
				standups allow for feedback and adjustments
			Cons:
				unclear limits; uncertainty
				requires whole team to commit
				lacks final deadlines

		Kanban
			Pros:
				persistent visual board
				allows specialists
				can be added to
			Cons:
				can be overcomplicated
				
	What are story points and what are they used for?
		A story point is a user's goal and it is used by the developer to determine how to implement a method to accomplish that goal
		Story points are also used as a unit to express the completion of a product.

SF Architecture & Data Modeling


	What is Salesforce?
		CRM, PAAS, SAAS

	Describe the architecture Salesforce has.
		hosted on cloud and is multitenant
		it is shared by clients and therefore requires limitations on each user

	What is an ERD?
		entity relationship diagram that describes how each object relates to another in terms of one to many or many to many

	Name 4 standard objects and their typical use
		events: contains time/location/contact information of an event whether it is one time or repeating.
		orders: stores transaction details
		contact: stores contact information for a person
		products: describes product based on its characteristics as well as relationship with other products

	Where is the case-sensitive, 15 digit ID found? What is the difference between the 15 digit and 18 digit ID
		It's in the ID field. The 15 digit code is for internal use. When the ID is used externally, it is in 18 digit format.
		
	Name 9 field data types.
		relationships
		currency
		text
		date
		geolocation
		info
		format
		phone
		email

	What can a picklist field be dependent on?
		can be dependent on any standard/custom picklist

	What is the Schema Builder and what are some of the limitations it?
		It can show relationships between objects much like an ERD but also includes several other unnecessary details as well as some limitations on fields such as geolocation

Relationships and Intro to Security


	What kinds of relationships can be modeled in Salesforce?
		one to one
		one to many
		many or many

	What kinds of relationships exist in Salesforce using Relationship Fields?
		lookup
		master-detail
		external lookup

	What relationship is tightly coupled, and what are some limitations to it?
		master-detail
		detail can only have up to two masters
		master can only have up to three details
		some standard objects can't be selected as master and some can't be detail
	What relationship is loosely coupled and what are some limitations to it?
		look-up
		they don't have the extra features that come with master-detail
	How is org level security controlled?
		User account settings

	What levels of access can be set for object level security?
		create
		read
		edit/update
		delete
	What is a permission set and when would you use it?
		settings that is used to extend access to profiles

Security and UI Customization

	What does OWD stand for and what does it set?
		Organization wide default provides settings to restrict permissions for everyone in the organization. It is the most restrictive and affects everyone BESIDES the owner(user that created the record).

	What is the role hierarchy?
		Roles can have child roles that answer directly to them. This hierarchy also has certain settings that exploit this relationship such as one that allows the parent to inherit access to the same things the child has access to.

	When should you use a sharing rule?
		Sharings rules are used to allow specific users access to access something they do not so long as the user that is sharing does have access to. The level of access that can be shared is determined in this setting.

	How is a queue different than a public group?
		They are both ways of sharing but queue offers more control on who has access as it is done by the individual while public group gives everyone in the organization access
	What tabs can be placed in an app?
		objects and visual force(still don't know what that is though)

	Where can the placement and visibility of fields and related lists be controlled for any object?
		Object Manager>Object>Fields & Relationships>Field>Set Field-Level Security

	What is a record type?
		It's a setting that allows different profile types to see different fields and data from the same record

	What does the Lightning App Builder allow you to make?
		It allows the user to create a special page that has its own tab for an app

	What are dynamic forms?
		a better version of page layout that is more user friendly along with other extra features.

	What are the different types of list views?
		table
		kanban
		split

	What are Quick Actions and what can they do?
		They're macros that can be used to quickly create objects, send emails, etc

	What are the 2 types of quick actions and the difference between them?
		Global: they are not context aware and allows records to be created anywhere so long as it is somewhere supported
		Object: they are context aware and can only add to detail page

	What action is context-aware?
		Object specific
		